# LKG compression scripts
./compress.sh ./dataset/scene  
Tests the dof compression differences. 
./compressSplit.sh ./dataset/scene   
Creates and tests the split vs full compression. Discontinued. 
./blendViews.sh inputViewsPath outputViewsPath  
Blends the views as in the display and produces the output in a directory.  
./cameraControl.sh shoot  
Controls the camera remotely.  
./compareAllPhotos.sh inputPath  
Compares the captured photos by the camera, expects the first 7 files to be the distorted, 8th the reference, and 9th the xmp Darktable config file.  
./comparePhotos.sh firstFile secondFile xmpFile  
Compares the captured photo pair.  
./dof.sh dataset/scene  
Creates the dof views into the ./fullDof folder.  
./measureAllDataset.sh dataset/scene  
Measures the compression efficiency for the scenes.  
./measureMetrics.sh dataset/scene/full outputReport outputReportBlended decompressedViewsDir  
Measures the compression for one scene.  
./measureQuality.sh firstFile secondFile  
Computes the quality metrics for the distorted and reference file.  
./testingOnDisplay.sh dataset/scene/decompressed  
Iterates over decompressed views, tests them on the display and produces the photos.  
./generateAllCompressedQuilts.sh ./dataset/ ./decompressedQuilts/  
Creates quilts from all decompressed images  
./perceptualMeasurement.sh ./decompressedQuilts/ ./dirWithFilesOnTheDisplay  
Runs the user study with random order of the quilts and updating the files on the display. The directoru with the files will contain two images which the user can view and change in any image viewer.  
./measureSSIMNative.sh ./decompressedQuilts/ ./report.csv  
Measures the quality of the decompressed quilts in the LKG native format.  
   
Scenes in the dataset directory are generated by renderer.blend.  
Testing quilt with view numbers can be generated using testQuiltGenerator.blend.  
displaySimulator.blend is a simple simulator of a 3D display.  
QuiltToNativeDisplaySimulatorKernel.cl is a kernel used to convert quilts to the display simulator using:  
https://github.com/ichlubna/quiltToNative  
Can be run as:  
cd quiltToNative/build  
cp ../../QuiltToNativeDisplaySimulatorKernel.cl ./kernel.cl; ./QuiltToNative -i /dataset/ -o ./result -cols 8 -rows 6 -width 19200 -height 2560  
displaySimulation.py is a script that can be run in Blender to produce synthetic simulated views.  
